I thought you would take care of your sister Qin Shen,
It's so dangerous that three points at a time can hurt Qin Cheng.
Your analysis is a reading father.
Mr. Tang, my sister is not good in this matter.
I am Qin Cheng and I have no account of myself.
You don't need to listen to her Bian Jing, I have already seen it.
Mr. Tang saw it.
I don’t think the prince has seen him at all.
How did they fail to unite just now?
That's why I'm here now.
Everything, is like a reading father.
Yes, I read my father.
Now my father would like to remind you:
If your hands are holding him,
Then it's time for him to exonerate you. Xu Linlong
How dare you create elegance?
It turns out that I also know that this gun is elegant.
I thought the prince was stupid
What’s more, I don’t know anything.
Have I done anything elegant?
You know best
What do you mean to him?
As long as you know yourself
That's what I promised
Someone comes
If the prince were
If you say anything unpleasant, I will
I'm just not sure what I'll say
Don't regret it then
The emperor arrives
Something has happened to him
He also met the Queen Mother
What happened?
It's not good for you
Shen Nu made her sister angry
forgive after rest
Shen Nu accompanies her sister